This stick
behead prisoners
mourning conscience
wicked
Unbearable
This stick
Only if the evil has gone to steal
Wolf heart dog lung is the most melancholy
This stick
You call a deer a horse
To be a disaster is not worthy of being a shemale in the world
Good son-in-law
Want to beg for mercy
You don't deserve it.
But you remind me
God handsome, I really didn't know you were God handsome
I didn't mean to.
I beg you.
Please, please forgive me. I was just trying
How many times have you been depressed?
Is it intentional to destroy the grievances of the martyrs?
Did you insult my sister many times on purpose?
These are left
I'll fight with you two
I want you to understand a truth
Skynet is back
The judiciary is a bully.
For the author